Prepare 0.5.0 release (#22)
maykinmedia/django-digid-eherkenning: CHANGELOG.rst

    specify Django's ``LOGIN_URL`` setting instead or use the ``RelayState`` GET
    parameter
* Some default values have changed:

  - ``want_assertions_signed``: ``False`` -> ``True``
  - ``digestAlgorithm``: empty -> ``"http://www.w3.org/2000/09/xmldsig#sha1"``
* The DigiD ``session_age`` parameter used to be opt-in. This now defaults to 15 minutes
  (the maximum duration according to "DigiDCheck 2.2 T14 -- Sessieduur") through the
  ``DIGID_SESSION_AGE`` setting.
* Dropped support for Django 2.2 which is EOL
* Custom subclasses of ``digid_eherkenning.saml2.base.BaseSaml2Client`` need to implement
  the ``conf`` property - the ``__init__`` method no longer accepts a config dict.
* Metadata generation can now be done on the fly, in the browser. You'll find links on
  the admin configuration pages.
* Re-organized the documentation, which is now hosted on readthedocs.
* The package metadata now contains all the dependencies, including our python3-saml
  fork and extra's for local development
* Documented some security aspects that you need to get right when deploying your
  project.
* Refactored test setup to be more pytest oriented
* Code refactors

> * Removed the base metadatageneration methods and generic management command. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the base metadata generation methods and generic management command. The
```
